Glencore PLC is a leading Anglo-Swiss trading, brokerage and commodity extraction company. It results from the merger on 2 May 2013 of Glencore, a trading company founded by trader Marc Rich and Xstrata, a mining company. It is based in Baar, Switzerland, in the canton of Zug.
BHP Billiton is a producer of iron, diamonds, uranium, coal, oil and bauxite. In 2006, it is the largest mining company in the world and is considered, along with Anglo American and Rio Tinto, as a vertically integrated mining company.
Rio Tinto is a multinational Anglo-Australian mining group, mainly based in Australia with one of its two headquarters (in Melbourne, the other in London) and North America. The group is nevertheless present in many countries on five continents, but its mining assets are concentrated mainly in Australia and Canada.
China Shenhua Energy is the largest coal company in China and the fourth largest in the world with sales in 2015.2 It is a subsidiary of Shenhua Group. China Shenhua Energy has coal mines, transportation infrastructure and thermal power plants. China Shenhua Energy is listed on the Hong Kong and Shanghai Stock Exchanges on the Hang Seng Index and SSE Composite Index.
Vale formerly Companhia Vale Do Rio Doce (CVRD) is a multinational mining company and one of the largest logistics operators in Brazil. Founded in 1942 in Itabira by public capital, Vale has become a leader in the production and export of iron ore. It is also a world-class producer of nickel, manganese, iron alloy, copper, bauxite, potash, kaolin, alumina and aluminum.
Nippon Steel Corporation is a steel producer. It may also be involved in activities other than steel, such as film production, including Solar Crisis.
Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. is an American company based in Phoenix, Arizona. Operating in the mining sector, it is one of the world's leading producers of copper and gold.
Hanwha, formerly Korea Explosives, is a South Korean conglomerate, a chaebol, specializing in explosives. In 2015, its president is Seung Youn Kim1.It includes dozens of subsidiaries, in sectors as varied as finance (Hanwha Investment, Hanwha Savings Bank), insurance (Hanwha Life Insurance, installed in the 63 Seoul Building) , Energy (Hanwha Energy, and Hanwha Total Petrochemical, a joint venture with Total), the building (Hanwha Engineering & Construction Co. Ltd., which participated in the construction of the Incheon Bridge at the joint venture Samsung Corporation JV), or security (Hanwha Techwin).
Monsanto Company, generally referred to simply as Monsanto, is an American company specializing in agricultural biotechnology. Founded in 1901 by John Francis Queeny, it merged with Pharmacia & Upjohns in December 1999 and separated in 2002. Legally, the company Monsanto Company exists only since 2002 under this name.
